Addressing IESG comments from Orie Steele (#178)
ietf-wg-asdf/SDF: sdf.md

as no process is defined that would add default values to an instance
of some interaction data.

Other qualities that are inspired by JSO are "`$comment`" and

> "`description`", both of which are also available in Information blocks.

Reviewer: For consistency across the spec, perhaps more clear to have this in singular.
```suggestion
"`description`", both of which are also available in the information block.
```
